fix: replace json parser error with generic msg (#3090)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

 - #3054, Fix not allowing special characters in JSON keys - @laurenceisla

>  - #3090, Replace JSON parser error with generic message - @develop7
>    + Fixes #2344

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #2344, Replace JSON parser error with a clearer generic message - @develop7
```

Usually we link the issue directly and not the PR, unless there's no issue or the PR solves a lot of them
